samples: net: download: Always build with sha256 check (#30408)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Support for mutual TLS (client X.509 certificate authentication), using the new :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_PROVISION_CLIENT_CERT` Kconfig option.
    * A :file:`wifi-dtls.conf` extra-conf file with example client certificate and CA trust chain for testing against the Eclipse Californium CoAP interop server.

  * Updated:

    * To enable CoAP by default so that the sample now always builds in support for both HTTP and CoAP, selecting the transport automatically at runtime.

>     * To enable the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_COMPUTE_HASH` and :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_COMPARE_HASH` options by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:

  * Enabled CoAP by default so that the sample always builds with support for both HTTP and CoAP.
    The transport is selected automatically at runtime.
  * Enabled the :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_COMPUTE_HASH` and :option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_COMPARE_HASH` options by default.
```

>   * Fixed link to HTTP file as previous link was broken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed the HTTP file link, which was previously broken.
```
